## nonodo

Development Node for Cartesi Rollups

### Synopsis

Nonodo is a development node for Cartesi Rollups. It was designed to work with DApps running in the
host machine instead of the Cartesi machine. The DApp back-end should call the Rollup HTTP API to
advance the rollups state and to process inspect inputs.

Nonodo uses the Anvil as the underlying Ethereum node. To install Anvil, read the instructions in
the Foundry book: https://book.getfoundry.sh/getting-started/installation.

To start nonodo with default configuration, run the command below.

	nonodo

With the default configuration, nonodo starts an Anvil node with the Cartesi Rollups contracts
deployed. This is the same deployment used by sunodo, so the contract addresses are the same.
Nonodo offer some flags to configure Anvil; these flags start with --anvil-*.

To send an input to the DApp, you may use cast; a command-line tool from the foundry package. For
instance, the invocation below sends an input with contents 0xdeadbeef to the running DApp.

	INPUT=0xdeadbeef; \
	INPUT_BOX_ADDRESS=0x59b22D57D4f067708AB0c00552767405926dc768; \
	DAPP_ADDRESS=0x70ac08179605AF2D9e75782b8DEcDD3c22aA4D0C; \
	MNEMONIC="test test test test test test test test test test test junk"; \
	cast send --mnemonic $MNEMONIC --rpc-url "http://localhost:8545" $INPUT_BOX_ADDRESS \
		"addInput(address,bytes)(bytes32)" $DAPP_ADDRESS $INPUT

Nonodo exposes the Cartesi Rollups GraphQL (/graphql) and Inspect (/inspect) APIs for the DApp
front-end, and the Rollup (/rollup) API for the DApp back-end. Nonodo uses the HTTP address and port
set by the --http-* flags.

To start nonodo with a built-in echo DApp, use the --built-in-dapp flag. This flag is useful when
testing the DApp front-end without a working back-end.

	nonodo --built-in-dapp

All flag options are described below.

```
nonodo [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --anvil-block-time int   Time in seconds between Anvil blocks (default 1)
      --anvil-port int         HTTP port used by Anvil (default 8545)
      --anvil-verbose          If true, prints Anvil's output
      --built-in-dapp          If true, nonodo starts a built-in echo DApp
  -h, --help                   help for nonodo
      --http-address string    HTTP address used by nonodo to serve its APIs (default "127.0.0.1")
      --http-port int          HTTP port used by nonodo to serve its APIs (default 8080)
```

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 14-Dec-2023
